c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\PatientControl.Web.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\PatientControl.Web.pdb
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\obj\Debug\PatientControl.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\obj\Debug\PatientControl.Web.dll
c:\users\viktor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\obj\Debug\PatientControl.Web.pdb
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\obj\Debug\PatientControl.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\obj\Debug\PatientControl.Web.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\PatientControl.Web.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\PatientControl.Web.pdb
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\obj\Debug\PatientControl.Web.pdb
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\AttributeRouting.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\AttributeRouting.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\AttributeRouting.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\WebActivator.pdb
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\AcklenAvenue.Data.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\NHibernate.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\FluentNHibernate.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\NHibernate.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\ClassLibrary1.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\PatientControl.Data.dll
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\ClassLibrary1.pdb
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\PatientControl.Data.pdb
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\AcklenProjects\PatientControl.Web\PatientControl.Web\bin\AcklenAvenue.Data.NHibernate.dll
